# Reflection

In this assignment you've learned very basic HTML and CSS, the content and presentation layers of the web. Take this opportunity to think about how they might relate to your work as a historian. 

## Question 1 (150 words)
#### In Part 2, we explored the use of semantic elements such as `<header>`, `<article>`, and `<section>`. These elements make it easier for machines and non-visual browsers to navigate web pages. Why might this be important? (You might want to Google around a bit before answering!)

These semantic elements we have used are important for web-designing because they make it easier for both machine and humans to read the structure of the website. The semantic elements give coders a clear and logical view of the hierarchy of the html elements and the order in which different types of content integrate into one coherent information-sharing platform. The cleanliness of well-structured codes also makes maintenance a straightforward task. With this type of structure, adding or deleting content is much easier. Moreover, proper semantic elements give your website the advantage of being picked up by the search engines more easily, as they highlight the important content. Having semantic elements in your website is a great advantage for its future development and success. 

## Question 2 (150 words)
#### In your CSS work, you learned how to change the presentation of material on the web without changing the content. Using a pen and paper, a drawing program, or (if you're feeling ambitious) real HTML and CSS, mock up 2 very different presentations of the information you displayed in your post. Put images of them on the Internet somewhere (but not in this repository) and link to them here. Write a brief paragraph discussing the effect of the presentaiton layer on the reader.

The first presentation mainly consists of the headshot of Nietzsche, whose mustache will serve as a button that releases one piece of random information about his life and philosophy with each click. The second presentation is a slide show about the life of Nietzsche, with each stage of his life described by a brief paragraph on a relevant background picture. A clear and accessible layout creates better reader experience. But most importantly, information can be spread more quickly with proper layout. Just like how a well-written book will attract a wider readership, a well-structured website will gain a bigger and more consistent viewership than a bad or mediocre one. It is also important to customize the layout for your content. For my post, which is meant to be consumed quickly, adding certain visual elements is helpful for its purpose. Too much visualization can be harmful if the content carries a more serious purpose. For example, for an online encyclopedia, putting too many pictures on it can damage user experience because its content is expected to be consumed more slowly. 